current_text: Suspense
current_text: useState
current_text: Card
current_text: CardContent
current_text: Select
current_text: SelectContent
current_text: SelectItem
current_text: SelectTrigger
current_text: SelectValue
current_text: Category
current_text: Loader2
current_text: Play
current_text: Tooltip
current_text: TooltipContent
current_text: TooltipProvider
current_text: TooltipTrigger
current_text: Button
current_text: Flashcards
current_text: Practice
current_text: selectedCategory
current_text: setSelectedCategory
current_text: categories
current_text: sessionStarted
current_text: setSessionStarted
current_text: c
current_text: category
current_text: Suspense
current_text: useState
current_text: Card
current_text: CardContent
current_text: Select
current_text: SelectContent
current_text: SelectItem
current_text: SelectTrigger
current_text: SelectValue
current_text: Category
current_text: Loader2
current_text: Play
current_text: Tooltip
current_text: TooltipContent
current_text: TooltipProvider
current_text: TooltipTrigger
current_text: Button
current_text: Flashcards
current_text: Practice
current_text: selectedCategory
current_text: setSelectedCategory
current_text: categories
current_text: sessionStarted
current_text: setSessionStarted
current_text: c
current_text: Suspense
current_text: useState
current_text: Card
current_text: CardContent
current_text: Select
current_text: SelectContent
current_text: SelectItem
current_text: SelectTrigger
current_text: SelectValue
current_text: Category
current_text: Loader2
current_text: Play
current_text: Tooltip
current_text: TooltipContent
current_text: TooltipProvider
current_text: TooltipTrigger
current_text: Button
current_text: Flashcards
current_text: Practice
current_text: selectedCategory
current_text: setSelectedCategory
current_text: categories
current_text: sessionStarted
current_text: setSessionStarted
current_text: Suspense
current_text: useState
current_text: Card
current_text: Suspense
current_text: useState
current_text: Card
current_text: Suspense
current_text: useState
current_text: Card
current_text: Suspense
current_text: useState
current_text: Card
current_text: Suspense
current_text: useState
current_text: Card
current_text: CardContent
current_text: Select
current_text: SelectContent
current_text: SelectItem
current_text: SelectTrigger
current_text: SelectValue
current_text: Category
current_text: Loader2
current_text: Play
current_text: Tooltip
current_text: TooltipContent
current_text: TooltipProvider
current_text: TooltipTrigger
current_text: Button
current_text: Flashcards
current_text: Practice
current_text: selectedCategory
current_text: setSelectedCategory
current_text: categories
current_text: sessionStarted
current_text: setSessionStarted
current_text: c
current_text: category
current_text: Suspense
current_text: useState
current_text: Card
current_text: CardContent
current_text: Select
current_text: SelectContent
current_text: SelectItem
current_text: SelectTrigger
current_text: SelectValue
current_text: Category
current_text: Loader2
current_text: Play
current_text: Tooltip
current_text: TooltipContent
current_text: TooltipProvider
current_text: TooltipTrigger
current_text: Button
current_text: Flashcards
current_text: Practice
current_text: selectedCategory
current_text: setSelectedCategory
current_text: categories
current_text: sessionStarted
current_text: setSessionStarted
current_text: c
current_text: category
current_text: Suspense
current_text: useState
current_text: Card
current_text: CardContent
current_text: Select
current_text: SelectContent
current_text: SelectItem
current_text: SelectTrigger
current_text: SelectValue
current_text: Category
current_text: Loader2
current_text: Play
current_text: Tooltip
current_text: TooltipContent
current_text: TooltipProvider
current_text: TooltipTrigger
current_text: Button
current_text: Flashcards
current_text: Practice
current_text: selectedCategory
current_text: setSelectedCategory
current_text: categories
current_text: sessionStarted
current_text: setSessionStarted
current_text: c
current_text: category
current_text: Suspense
current_text: useState
current_text: Card
current_text: CardContent
current_text: Select
current_text: SelectContent
current_text: SelectItem
current_text: SelectTrigger
current_text: SelectValue
current_text: Category
current_text: Loader2
current_text: Play
current_text: Tooltip
current_text: TooltipContent
current_text: TooltipProvider
current_text: TooltipTrigger
current_text: Button
current_text: Flashcards
current_text: Practice
current_text: selectedCategory
current_text: setSelectedCategory
current_text: categories
current_text: sessionStarted
current_text: setSessionStarted
current_text: c
current_text: category
current_text: Suspense
current_text: useState
current_text: Card
current_text: CardContent
current_text: Select
current_text: SelectContent
current_text: SelectItem
current_text: SelectTrigger
current_text: SelectValue
current_text: Category
current_text: Loader2
current_text: Play
current_text: Tooltip
current_text: TooltipContent
current_text: TooltipProvider
current_text: TooltipTrigger
current_text: Button
current_text: Flashcards
current_text: Practice
current_text: selectedCategory
current_text: setSelectedCategory
current_text: categories
current_text: sessionStarted
current_text: setSessionStarted
current_text: c
current_text: category
current_text: Suspense
current_text: Card
current_text: Suspense
current_text: Card
